docs/miners.md, before:

# Miners
Mining functions come in two flavors:

* **[Subset Batch Miners](miners.md#basesubsetbatchminer)** take a batch of ```N``` embeddings and return a subset ```n``` to be used by a tuple miner, or directly by a loss function. Without a subset batch miner, ```n == N```.
* **[Tuple Miners](miners.md#basetupleminer)** take a batch of ```n``` embeddings and return ```k``` pairs/triplets to be used for calculating the loss:
	* Pair miners output a tuple of size 4: (anchors, positives, anchors, negatives).
	* Triplet miners output a tuple of size 3: (anchors, positives, negatives).
	* Without a tuple miner, loss functions will by default use all possible pairs/triplets in the batch.
	* Almost all current miners are tuple miners.

You might be familiar with the terminology: "online" and "offline" miners. Tuple miners are online, while subset batch miners are a mix between online and offline. Completely offline miners should be implemented as a [PyTorch Sampler](samplers.md).

Tuple miners are used with loss functions as follows:

```python
from pytorch_metric_learning import miners, losses
miner_func = miners.SomeMiner()
loss_func = losses.SomeLoss()
miner_output = miner_func(embeddings, labels)
losses = loss_func(embeddings, labels, miner_output)
```

## AngularMiner

```python
miners.AngularMiner(angle=20, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **angle**: The miner will return triplets that form an angle greater than this input angle. The angle is computed as defined in the [angular loss paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.01682)

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(p=2, power=1, normalize_embeddings=True)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

     - This is the only compatible distance.

## BaseMiner
All miners extend this class and therefore inherit its ```__init__``` parameters.
```python
miners.BaseMiner(collect_stats=True, distance=None)
```

**Parameters**:

* **collect_stats**: If True, will collect various statistics that may be useful to analyze during experiments. If False, these computations will be skipped.
* **distance**: A [distance](distances.md) object. If None, then the default distance will be used.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

**Required Implementations**:
```python
# Return indices of some form
def mine(self, embeddings, labels, ref_emb, ref_labels):
    raise NotImplementedError
```
Note: by default, ```embeddings == ref_emb``` and ```labels == ref_labels```.

```python
# Validate the output of the miner. 
def output_assertion(self, output):
	raise NotImplementedError
```

## BaseTupleMiner
This extends [BaseMiner](miners.md#baseminer), and most miners extend this class. 

It outputs a tuple of indices:

* Pair miners output a tuple of size 4: (anchors, positives, anchors, negatives)
* Triplet miners output a tuple of size 3: (anchors, positives, negatives) 

```python
miners.BaseTupleMiner(**kwargs)
```

If you write your own miner, the ```mine``` function should work such that anchor indices correspond to ```embeddings``` and ```labels```, and all other indices correspond to ```ref_emb``` and ```ref_labels```. By default, ```embeddings == ref_emb``` and ```labels == ref_labels```, but separating the anchor source from the positive/negative source allows for interesting use cases. For example, see [CrossBatchMemory](losses.md#crossbatchmemory).

## BaseSubsetBatchMiner
This extends [BaseMiner](miners.md#baseminer). It outputs indices corresponding to a subset of the input batch. The idea is to use these miners with torch.no_grad(), and with a large input batch size.
```python
miners.BaseSubsetBatchMiner(output_batch_size, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **output_batch_size**: An integer that is the size of the subset that the miner will output.


## BatchEasyHardMiner

[Improved Embeddings with Easy Positive Triplet Mining](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_WACV_2020/papers/Xuan_Improved_Embeddings_with_Easy_Positive_Triplet_Mining_WACV_2020_paper.pdf)

Returns positive and negative pairs according to the specified ```pos_strategy``` and ```neg_strategy```.

To implement the loss function described in the paper, use this miner in combination with [```NTXentLoss(temperature=1)```](losses.md#ntxentloss).

```python
miners.BatchEasyHardMiner(
        pos_strategy=BatchEasyHardMiner.EASY,
        neg_strategy=BatchEasyHardMiner.SEMIHARD,
        allowed_pos_range=None,
        allowed_neg_range=None,
        **kwargs
    ):
```

**Parameters**

* **pos_strategy**: one of the following:
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.HARD``` or ```"hard"```: returns the hardest positive sample per anchor.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.SEMIHARD``` or ```"semihard"```: returns the hardest positive sample per anchor, such that it is closer than the selected negative.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.EASY``` or ```"easy"```: returns the easiest positive sample per anchor
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.ALL``` or ```"all"```: returns all possible positive pairs
* **neg_strategy**: one of the following:
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.HARD``` or ```"hard"```: returns the hardest negative sample per anchor.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.SEMIHARD``` or ```"semihard"```: returns the hardest negative sample per anchor, such that it is further than the selected positive.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.EASY``` or ```"easy"```: returns the easiest negative sample per anchor
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.ALL``` or ```"all"```: returns all possible negative pairs
* **allowed_pos_range**: Optional tuple containing the allowed range of anchor-positive distances/similarties. For example, ```allowed_pos_range = (0.2, 1)```. If ```None```, then a range is not applied.
* **allowed_neg_range**: Optional tuple containing the allowed range of anchor-negative distances/similarties. For example, ```allowed_neg_range = (0.2, 1)```. If ```None```, then a range is not applied.

**Restrictions**

* ```pos_strategy``` and ```neg_strategy``` cannot both be set to ```"semihard"```
* If ```pos_strategy``` is set to ```"semihard"```, then ```neg_strategy``` cannot be set to ```"all"```, and vice versa.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

## BatchHardMiner

[In Defense of the Triplet Loss for Person Re-Identification](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.07737.pdf)

For each element in the batch, this miner will find the hardest positive and hardest negative, and use those to form a single triplet. So for a batch size of N, this miner will output N triplets.

This miner is equivalent to using ```miners.BatchEasyHardMiner(pos_strategy="hard", neg_strategy="hard")```, and converting the output pairs to triplets.

```python
miners.BatchHardMiner(**kwargs)
```

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)


## DistanceWeightedMiner
[Sampling Matters in Deep Embedding Learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.07567.pdf)
```python
miners.DistanceWeightedMiner(cutoff=0.5, nonzero_loss_cutoff=1.4, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **cutoff**: Pairwise distances are clipped to this value if they fall below it.
* **nonzero_loss_cutoff**: Pairs that have distance greater than this are discarded.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)
     - This is the only compatible distance.

## EmbeddingsAlreadyPackagedAsTriplets
If your embeddings are already ordered sequentially as triplets, then use this miner to force your loss function to use the already-formed triplets. 

```python
miners.EmbeddingsAlreadyPackagedAsTriplets()
``` 
For example, here's what a batch size of size 6 should look like:
```python
torch.stack([anchor1, positive1, negative1, anchor2, positive2, negative2], dim=0)
```


## HDCMiner
[Hard-Aware Deeply Cascaded Embedding](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2017/papers/Yuan_Hard-Aware_Deeply_Cascaded_ICCV_2017_paper.pdf)
```python
miners.HDCMiner(filter_percentage=0.5, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**:

* **filter_percentage**: The percentage of pairs that will be returned. For example, if filter_percentage is 0.25, then the hardest 25% of pairs will be returned. The pool of pairs is either externally or internally set. See the important methods below for details.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

**Important methods**:
```python
# Pairs or triplets extracted from another miner, 
# and then passed in to HDCMiner using this function
def set_idx_externally(self, external_indices_tuple, labels):
    self.a1, self.p, self.a2, self.n = lmu.convert_to_pairs(external_indices_tuple, labels)
    self.was_set_externally = True

# Reset the internal state of the HDCMiner
def reset_idx(self):
    self.a1, self.p, self.a2, self.n = None, None, None, None
    self.was_set_externally = False
```

**Example of passing another miner output to HDCMiner**:
```python
minerA = miners.MultiSimilarityMiner(epsilon=0.1)
minerB = miners.HDCMiner(filter_percentage=0.25)

hard_pairs = minerA(embeddings, labels)
minerB.set_idx_externally(hard_pairs, labels)
very_hard_pairs = minerB(embeddings, labels)
```


## MaximumLossMiner
This is a simple [subset batch miner](miners.md#basesubsetbatchminer). It computes the loss for random subsets of the input batch, ```num_trials``` times. Then it returns the subset with the highest loss.

```python
miners.MaximumLossMiner(loss, miner=None, num_trials=5, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **loss**: The loss function used to compute the loss.
* **miner**: Optional tuple miner which extracts pairs/triplets for the loss function.
* **num_trials**: The number of random subsets to try.

## MultiSimilarityMiner

[Multi-Similarity Loss with General Pair Weighting for Deep Metric Learning](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Multi-Similarity_Loss_With_General_Pair_Weighting_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf)

```python
miners.MultiSimilarityMiner(epsilon=0.1, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **epsilon**: 
	* Negative pairs are chosen if they have similarity greater than the hardest positive pair, minus this margin (epsilon). 
	* Positive pairs are chosen if they have similarity less than the hardest negative pair, plus this margin (epsilon). 

**Default distance**: 

 - [```CosineSimilarity()```](distances.md#cosinesimilarity)


## PairMarginMiner
Returns positive and negative pairs that violate the specified margins.
```python
miners.PairMarginMiner(pos_margin=0.2, neg_margin=0.8, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **pos_margin**: The distance (or similarity) over (under) which positive pairs will be chosen.
* **neg_margin**: The distance (or similarity) under (over) which negative pairs will be chosen.  

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

## TripletMarginMiner
Returns hard, semihard, or all triplets.
```python
miners.TripletMarginMiner(margin=0.2, type_of_triplets="all", **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **margin**: The difference between the anchor-positive distance and the anchor-negative distance.
* **type_of_triplets**: 
	* "all" means all triplets that violate the margin
	* "hard" is a subset of "all", but the negative is closer to the anchor than the positive
	* "semihard" is a subset of "all", but the negative is further from the anchor than the positive
	* "easy" means all triplets that do **not** violate the margin.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

Commit message:

Added extend/miners.md to the docs

docs/miners.md, after:

# Miners
Mining functions come in two flavors:

* **[Subset Batch Miners](miners.md#basesubsetbatchminer)** take a batch of ```N``` embeddings and return a subset ```n``` to be used by a tuple miner, or directly by a loss function. Without a subset batch miner, ```n == N```.
* **[Tuple Miners](miners.md#basetupleminer)** take a batch of ```n``` embeddings and return ```k``` pairs/triplets to be used for calculating the loss:
	* Pair miners output a tuple of size 4: (anchors, positives, anchors, negatives).
	* Triplet miners output a tuple of size 3: (anchors, positives, negatives).
	* Without a tuple miner, loss functions will by default use all possible pairs/triplets in the batch.
	* Almost all current miners are tuple miners.

You might be familiar with the terminology: "online" and "offline" miners. Tuple miners are online, while subset batch miners are a mix between online and offline. Completely offline miners should be implemented as a [PyTorch Sampler](samplers.md).

Tuple miners are used with loss functions as follows:

```python
from pytorch_metric_learning import miners, losses
miner_func = miners.SomeMiner()
loss_func = losses.SomeLoss()
miner_output = miner_func(embeddings, labels)
losses = loss_func(embeddings, labels, miner_output)
```

## AngularMiner

```python
miners.AngularMiner(angle=20, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **angle**: The miner will return triplets that form an angle greater than this input angle. The angle is computed as defined in the [angular loss paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.01682)

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(p=2, power=1, normalize_embeddings=True)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

     - This is the only compatible distance.

## BaseMiner
All miners extend this class and therefore inherit its ```__init__``` parameters.
```python
miners.BaseMiner(collect_stats=True, distance=None)
```

**Parameters**:

* **collect_stats**: If True, will collect various statistics that may be useful to analyze during experiments. If False, these computations will be skipped.
* **distance**: A [distance](distances.md) object. If None, then the default distance will be used.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

**Required Implementations**:
```python
# Return indices of some form
def mine(self, embeddings, labels, ref_emb, ref_labels):
    raise NotImplementedError
```
Note: by default, ```embeddings == ref_emb``` and ```labels == ref_labels```.

```python
# Validate the output of the miner. 
def output_assertion(self, output):
	raise NotImplementedError
```

## BaseTupleMiner
This extends [BaseMiner](miners.md#baseminer), and most miners extend this class. 

It outputs a tuple of indices:

* Pair miners output a tuple of size 4: (anchors, positives, anchors, negatives)
* Triplet miners output a tuple of size 3: (anchors, positives, negatives) 

```python
miners.BaseTupleMiner(**kwargs)
```

If you write your own miner, the ```mine``` function should work such that anchor indices correspond to ```embeddings``` and ```labels```, and all other indices correspond to ```ref_emb``` and ```ref_labels```. By default, ```embeddings == ref_emb``` and ```labels == ref_labels```, but separating the anchor source from the positive/negative source allows for interesting use cases. For example, see [CrossBatchMemory](losses.md#crossbatchmemory).

See [custom miners](extend/miners.md) for details on how to write your own miner.

## BaseSubsetBatchMiner
This extends [BaseMiner](miners.md#baseminer). It outputs indices corresponding to a subset of the input batch. The idea is to use these miners with torch.no_grad(), and with a large input batch size.
```python
miners.BaseSubsetBatchMiner(output_batch_size, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **output_batch_size**: An integer that is the size of the subset that the miner will output.


## BatchEasyHardMiner

[Improved Embeddings with Easy Positive Triplet Mining](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_WACV_2020/papers/Xuan_Improved_Embeddings_with_Easy_Positive_Triplet_Mining_WACV_2020_paper.pdf)

Returns positive and negative pairs according to the specified ```pos_strategy``` and ```neg_strategy```.

To implement the loss function described in the paper, use this miner in combination with [```NTXentLoss(temperature=1)```](losses.md#ntxentloss).

```python
miners.BatchEasyHardMiner(
        pos_strategy=BatchEasyHardMiner.EASY,
        neg_strategy=BatchEasyHardMiner.SEMIHARD,
        allowed_pos_range=None,
        allowed_neg_range=None,
        **kwargs
    ):
```

**Parameters**

* **pos_strategy**: one of the following:
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.HARD``` or ```"hard"```: returns the hardest positive sample per anchor.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.SEMIHARD``` or ```"semihard"```: returns the hardest positive sample per anchor, such that it is closer than the selected negative.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.EASY``` or ```"easy"```: returns the easiest positive sample per anchor
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.ALL``` or ```"all"```: returns all possible positive pairs
* **neg_strategy**: one of the following:
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.HARD``` or ```"hard"```: returns the hardest negative sample per anchor.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.SEMIHARD``` or ```"semihard"```: returns the hardest negative sample per anchor, such that it is further than the selected positive.
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.EASY``` or ```"easy"```: returns the easiest negative sample per anchor
     * ```BatchEasyHardMiner.ALL``` or ```"all"```: returns all possible negative pairs
* **allowed_pos_range**: Optional tuple containing the allowed range of anchor-positive distances/similarties. For example, ```allowed_pos_range = (0.2, 1)```. If ```None```, then a range is not applied.
* **allowed_neg_range**: Optional tuple containing the allowed range of anchor-negative distances/similarties. For example, ```allowed_neg_range = (0.2, 1)```. If ```None```, then a range is not applied.

**Restrictions**

* ```pos_strategy``` and ```neg_strategy``` cannot both be set to ```"semihard"```
* If ```pos_strategy``` is set to ```"semihard"```, then ```neg_strategy``` cannot be set to ```"all"```, and vice versa.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

## BatchHardMiner

[In Defense of the Triplet Loss for Person Re-Identification](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.07737.pdf)

For each element in the batch, this miner will find the hardest positive and hardest negative, and use those to form a single triplet. So for a batch size of N, this miner will output N triplets.

This miner is equivalent to using ```miners.BatchEasyHardMiner(pos_strategy="hard", neg_strategy="hard")```, and converting the output pairs to triplets.

```python
miners.BatchHardMiner(**kwargs)
```

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)


## DistanceWeightedMiner
[Sampling Matters in Deep Embedding Learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.07567.pdf)
```python
miners.DistanceWeightedMiner(cutoff=0.5, nonzero_loss_cutoff=1.4, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **cutoff**: Pairwise distances are clipped to this value if they fall below it.
* **nonzero_loss_cutoff**: Pairs that have distance greater than this are discarded.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)
     - This is the only compatible distance.

## EmbeddingsAlreadyPackagedAsTriplets
If your embeddings are already ordered sequentially as triplets, then use this miner to force your loss function to use the already-formed triplets. 

```python
miners.EmbeddingsAlreadyPackagedAsTriplets()
``` 
For example, here's what a batch size of size 6 should look like:
```python
torch.stack([anchor1, positive1, negative1, anchor2, positive2, negative2], dim=0)
```


## HDCMiner
[Hard-Aware Deeply Cascaded Embedding](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ICCV_2017/papers/Yuan_Hard-Aware_Deeply_Cascaded_ICCV_2017_paper.pdf)
```python
miners.HDCMiner(filter_percentage=0.5, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**:

* **filter_percentage**: The percentage of pairs that will be returned. For example, if filter_percentage is 0.25, then the hardest 25% of pairs will be returned. The pool of pairs is either externally or internally set. See the important methods below for details.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

**Important methods**:
```python
# Pairs or triplets extracted from another miner, 
# and then passed in to HDCMiner using this function
def set_idx_externally(self, external_indices_tuple, labels):
    self.a1, self.p, self.a2, self.n = lmu.convert_to_pairs(external_indices_tuple, labels)
    self.was_set_externally = True

# Reset the internal state of the HDCMiner
def reset_idx(self):
    self.a1, self.p, self.a2, self.n = None, None, None, None
    self.was_set_externally = False
```

**Example of passing another miner output to HDCMiner**:
```python
minerA = miners.MultiSimilarityMiner(epsilon=0.1)
minerB = miners.HDCMiner(filter_percentage=0.25)

hard_pairs = minerA(embeddings, labels)
minerB.set_idx_externally(hard_pairs, labels)
very_hard_pairs = minerB(embeddings, labels)
```


## MaximumLossMiner
This is a simple [subset batch miner](miners.md#basesubsetbatchminer). It computes the loss for random subsets of the input batch, ```num_trials``` times. Then it returns the subset with the highest loss.

```python
miners.MaximumLossMiner(loss, miner=None, num_trials=5, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **loss**: The loss function used to compute the loss.
* **miner**: Optional tuple miner which extracts pairs/triplets for the loss function.
* **num_trials**: The number of random subsets to try.

## MultiSimilarityMiner

[Multi-Similarity Loss with General Pair Weighting for Deep Metric Learning](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Multi-Similarity_Loss_With_General_Pair_Weighting_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf)

```python
miners.MultiSimilarityMiner(epsilon=0.1, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **epsilon**: 
	* Negative pairs are chosen if they have similarity greater than the hardest positive pair, minus this margin (epsilon). 
	* Positive pairs are chosen if they have similarity less than the hardest negative pair, plus this margin (epsilon). 

**Default distance**: 

 - [```CosineSimilarity()```](distances.md#cosinesimilarity)


## PairMarginMiner
Returns positive and negative pairs that violate the specified margins.
```python
miners.PairMarginMiner(pos_margin=0.2, neg_margin=0.8, **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **pos_margin**: The distance (or similarity) over (under) which positive pairs will be chosen.
* **neg_margin**: The distance (or similarity) under (over) which negative pairs will be chosen.  

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)

## TripletMarginMiner
Returns hard, semihard, or all triplets.
```python
miners.TripletMarginMiner(margin=0.2, type_of_triplets="all", **kwargs)
```

**Parameters**

* **margin**: The difference between the anchor-positive distance and the anchor-negative distance.
* **type_of_triplets**: 
	* "all" means all triplets that violate the margin
	* "hard" is a subset of "all", but the negative is closer to the anchor than the positive
	* "semihard" is a subset of "all", but the negative is further from the anchor than the positive
	* "easy" means all triplets that do **not** violate the margin.

**Default distance**: 

 - [```LpDistance(normalize_embeddings=True, p=2, power=1)```](distances.md#lpdistance)
